The bosses that I've had in the navy have been varied. Some of them I've
got along with greatly but others they- in many cases it it depends
on the type of personality that they have and just like with anyone,
somtimes you make friends sometimes you make enemies if you can
say that. So most people are just somewhere in the middle so the people
that you would have a beer with in real life, those the people you
can joke around with, those are the people that understand your personality
and they're the ones who respect your work the best. However
I gotta say that many people think that the military can be political,
so for instance you could have a work center that has like four
or five people and then you can have a supervisor for them and you
can see that the supervisor has a better communication with you know
two or three people in the unit. So the quiet person who barely ever
talks to that supervisor could get frustrated in the fact that his
work isn't being recognized the way that it should. So I've had that
personal problem too. But it is what it is. You just take an average
of your whole entire career. Sometimes you will be a superstar
and sometimes you are gonna be kinda like the bottom of the list. But
for the most part as long as you you present a good effort then you'll
be successful. I made it to chief, so it seems like most of what
I've been doing with my bosses has been on the positive side.